All right alternating some so are ject if your is we are taking in an array of numbers and what we want
to do is for the even numbers add them up on numbers add them up and then return those numbers back
as a single array.
So you'll see here in our example we have 50 60 60 45 70.
And so for the odd right it would be index one index three hundred and five and then the other values
the 180.
So it's going to go even then.
That's our goal.
The goal here to add up two values to alternating songs I don't really have any hands for this one.
All right so the way I did this was I carried two variables to store the even numbers and the odd numbers
are the odd the even and odd sounds right.
So it's a good turn on because I always forget to you know see right now are getting undefined.
What we're gonna do here is we're going to say that even some equals zero.
And that odd sum equals zero.
So we're initialising that after that what we're going to do here is we're just going to to for each.
You can also use a for loop don't really matter here.
Element in the second values or index value and that's what we want to know because we need the index
No.
If it is an even or odd alternating.
So at the end here what all eventually do we'll just return even some and we'll also return the odd
sum which is 0 0 0 because we haven't done any other logic.
Now what we can do here is just do simple if else.
So if the index
modulo 2 is
exactly equal to zero meaning that's an even number which will take even some even some and we're going
to set it equal to the ultimate value or update and add the element value to it rather.
Else it's an odd value and then we'll take awesome.
And we'll just update it to that element value.
Pretty straightforward at the end of the day.
You also could I mean this is very straight forward.
I don't if you have a faster way of doing it let me know what it is but I don't think we can improve
upon this other than maybe he will think some other code is cleaner.
So yeah that's pretty much it.